radicle vs forges and more edits (#59)
radicle-dev/radicle-docs: docs/understanding-radicle/why-radicle.md

the idea of a single canonical upstream is replaced by a patch-based
peer-to-peer or "bazaar" model.

To complement the replication layer we introduce an opt-in, Ethereum based registry
which holds canonical project metadata. This allows projects to anchor important

> information—such as project state and repository head—with the guarantee of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
information—such as project state and repository heads—with the guarantee of
```

> To complement the replication layer we introduce an opt-in, Ethereum based registry
> which holds canonical project metadata. This allows projects to anchor important
> information—such as project state and repository heads—with the guarantee of
> global availability and immutability.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To complement the replication layer we introduce an opt-in registry built on Ethereum
which holds canonical project metadata. This allows projects to anchor important
information — such as project state and repository heads — with the guarantee of
global availability and immutability.
```
